docs: observability (#261)
agno-agi/agno-docs: observability/arize.mdx

   ```

## Sending Traces to Arize Phoenix

- ### Example: Using Arize Phoenix with OpenInference

This example demonstrates how to instrument your Agno agent with OpenInference and send traces to Arize Phoenix.

```python
import asyncio
import os

from agno.agent import Agent
from agno.models.openai import OpenAIChat
from agno.tools.yfinance import YFinanceTools
from phoenix.otel import register

# Set environment variables for Arize Phoenix
os.environ["PHOENIX_CLIENT_HEADERS"] = f"api_key={os.getenv('ARIZE_PHOENIX_API_KEY')}"
os.environ["PHOENIX_COLLECTOR_ENDPOINT"] = "https://app.phoenix.arize.com"

# Configure the Phoenix tracer
tracer_provider = register(
    project_name="agno-stock-price-agent",  # Default is 'default'
    auto_instrument=True,  # Automatically use the installed OpenInference instrumentation
)

# Create and configure the agent
agent = Agent(
    name="Stock Price Agent",
    model=OpenAIChat(id="gpt-4o-mini"),
    tools=[YFinanceTools()],
    instructions="You are a stock price agent. Answer questions in the style of a stock analyst.",
    debug_mode=True,
)

# Use the agent
agent.print_response("What is the current price of Tesla?")
```

> Now go to the [phoenix cloud](https://app.phoenix.arize.com) and check the traces sent by your agent. You can visualize the execution flow, monitor performance, and debug issues directly from the Arize Phoenix dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now go to the [phoenix cloud](https://app.phoenix.arize.com) and view the traces created by your agent. You can visualize the execution flow, monitor performance, and debug issues directly from the Arize Phoenix dashboard.
```
